Lyrhythmics is a lyrics typing game.  
It's made using Vue.js and TailwindCSS.  
You can play it on [my website](https://lyrhythmics.k327.eu), [Newgrounds](https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/981530) or [itch.io](https://k327-games.itch.io/lyrhythmics). Although note that the game will take a lot longer to load on Newgrounds and itch.io as they don't allow loading maps dynamically, and instead have them be loaded at the start with the game itself.  
It contains a lot, so I won't go into detail here. Just play the game, check out the editor, and look at the settings to see what most of it is like.  
There's also an about page in-game explaining some non-basic aspects of it. If you'd prefer to read it here and not in game, go to /src/views/Home.vue, line 649.  
Regarding modifying and not playing the game, if you'd want to have it with a custom list of songs in the menu, /public/maps/ contains the maps themselves, /src/songSamples/ contains the 7.5 second samples that are played in the main menu, /src/configs/mapList.json is the list of maps with metadata, and in /src/views/Home.vue you have to import the song samples and add them to the songSamples constant. If you just want to use the official song list but without songs that disallow commercial use, set "commercial" to true in /src/configs/config.json  
vite-plugin-singlefile is used to combine html, js, css, song samples, background.png and optionally map JSON files into one html file. This was required to publish the game on Newgrounds and itch.io, and also removes the potential delay between hovering over a song in the main menu and the song sample starting playing. The version on my website loads map JSON files dynamically, on Newgrounds and itch.io they're preloaded into the one html file. Whether to preload them or not can be configured in the config.json file and by uncommenting a few lines of imports in Home.vue  
The other settings in config.json are platform and enableFullscreenButton. Platform is used for special text on the about page on Newgrounds and itch.io, enableFullscreenButton is used for adding a fullscreen button to the main menu.